Welcome back last Plame Euro while the hunt is anything
will continue
who will first talk to you about some of the suggestions made to Mirko
To make the excuse would be useful, such as me something mean to
provide
at the moment what am I selling what can i do why are you actually lying there dreaming
what can i sell and sometimes i need to sell urgently
what do I have everything?
there's the bad Marko
his inventory had not been cleared
No, that will be Norbert again, that will be a record in a row
yes, I guess probably
Na Na Na Na
b more not so bad
where we wait again 24 hours
because we need a lot of money for painter potions and then
I will not forget that, too
then we will lose our bounty
we will bounty a lot
but only one head
and that does not fit together
and that's why we want to get rid of that after about 50
OMV percent of Maze was not 50 years train already many
so had the news that ore
parking spot
the demand of me here is really thinking
see if I can come up with it
Let's hope so
Juggling a bit with numbers and selling things is not so bad
then that da-nos will be yes
so i think i'm out of the few things not selling 30th
tractor driver
yes, logically
H
the nearer
there was still his colleague was
and
yes, yes, I needed western ones
that's already day 76 "You have to imagine that
Neptune Meppen
ordered should be without a trace
if that is going on now and we are ready to cook
I completely forgot to clear a mental but I'm sorry
I forgot it and Switch can not go that way so I do that
now just as fast as possible
you come away
you're unlucky, too
Warnatzsch
when that special did not go there constantly
the first prince pair enchantment this ax has
that is always when you hit
The next blow hits even stronger
that is i know i like the concept
that can be sold in the quiet
become
and what else am I left in the pits here?
ARZ that can
i would say i am already considered a nanny mental few things so far
Schürmann who really did not need
currently again
and
the more
first a winner intervention
or No Poland more urgently roused the oh so to the camp
No, that would not be so great Hansi liter into the game, of course
Zion would have to take me to Mulack Tormo
Marga once not guilty
after months was
Naturally
The man was right, the man was right
and we want
and yes there jump
Ockert Kokott
Dr fact I survived it
and we will go first
where to rip the network
That's a good question
so we stood out as the very first Knox subway No, that may not be the result
Sense Jule exercise
We will not stop but we will travel to Palma
Voigt at him shed the man-shares buys gets money get rid of and seiffen
Comfort
which things
Can you tell yourself if I had in my head right now?
First of all we go to the cavern southwall because there it will be
See you soon anyway
he resides her that applies
and here I can
I got the hint that it works if you do not see the guild
has joined times to see if it is true
yes you do not have the dialogue yet
the assured
it is strange
okay we'll join Adidas at or
I do not have to change the rules
Now I have the dialogues option a bounty view poor now
I never can not
OK
I was once again "wrong information"
So we'll do it all the way, how big is our head? Money
yes Lünen what will I do
more Espelkamp daily there is not going on at the moment
but with that I let myself become like for the same reasons
and their failing that I once again something was planned was not done
have
and blame for that we all know and there we agree that is
Type
Euro increase
I pay
Kanzian have money
Specialist only to me to store
that's the way
It's not that bad. Actually, that's all bad
actually not again just because they just now
the sudden with a Porsche to the fortress of the moon moth legion
somewhere
becomes the DAX
stolen
the stolen goods that one finds with me
sat forward
and this is the place where he will be brought back to the AHS
then I can take off your co-star at the same time
and Sun
do something that should already have done long ago
namely my attributes
Moment to see it
my attributes here look at that but also from
to heal again
yes attributes as created
that didn `t work
and that was okay
but now all our stuff is gone but somewhere there has to be life today and this
Brucker lays out stuff so gray within Nicholas Davis title for you
rank
somewhere here
somewhere here lies the stuff in a chest with evidence
if I had to
where exactly is this is clear
Ockert
starts again yes there it is
were isolated
Just place this tour on
tweet True North users ear
that makes sense
OK